List objects when checking if bucket exists to allow use of container-level SAS token (#906)
fluxcd/source-controller: docs/spec/v1beta2/buckets.md

The query values from the `sasKey` data field in the Secrets gets merged with the ones in the `spec.endpoint` of the `Bucket`.
If the same key is present in the both of them, the value in the `sasKey` takes precedence.

> **Note:** SAS Token has an expiry date and it should be updated before it expires so that Flux can
> continue to access Azure Storage. Also, The source-controller can use a account-level SAS token or a container-level SAS token.
> The minimum permissions for an account-level SAS Token is:
> - Allowed services: Blob
> - Allowed resource types: Container, Object
> - Allowed permission: Read, List
> 
> The minimum permissions for a container-level SAS Token is:
> - Permission: Read, List

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The SAS token has an expiry date and it must be updated before it expires to allow Flux to
continue to access Azure Storage. It is allowed to use an account-level or container-level SAS token.

The minimum permissions for an account-level SAS token are:

- Allowed services: `Blob`
- Allowed resource types: `Container`, `Object`
- Allowed permissions: `Read`, `List`

The minimum permissions for a container-level SAS token are:
- Allowed permissions: `Read`, `List`

Refer to the [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/create-account-sas#blob-service) for a full overview on permissions.
```

The query values from the `sasKey` data field in the Secrets gets merged with the ones in the `spec.endpoint` of the `Bucket`.
If the same key is present in the both of them, the value in the `sasKey` takes precedence.

**Note:** The SAS token has an expiry date and it must be updated before it expires to allow Flux to
continue to access Azure Storage. It is allowed to use an account-level or container-level SAS token.

> The minimum permissions for an account-level SAS token are:
> - Allowed services: `Blob`
> - Allowed resource types: `Container`, `Object`
> - Allowed permissions: `Read`, `List`
> 
>   The minimum permissions for a container-level SAS token are:
> - Allowed permissions: `Read`, `List`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum permissions for an account-level SAS token are:

- Allowed services: `Blob`
- Allowed resource types: `Container`, `Object`
- Allowed permissions: `Read`, `List`

The minimum permissions for a container-level SAS token are:

- Allowed permissions: `Read`, `List`
```
